hey YouTube what's going on this is my
very first video on this channel so I
actually haven't even made the charlie
air but this is just going to be a
channel for unboxings reviews just
whatever you like really just to do with
unboxings reviews vlogs and stuff lit up
so today I'm going to be reviewing the
it looks like a magic mouse from Apple
but it isn't it's just like it retails
it's about 8 pound UK British Pound and
it looks exactly like an Apple Mouse
well Magic Mouse so what I'm gonna be
doing is I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
putting this mouse and the actual Magic
Mouse head-to-head with each other to
see like is it really worth paying the
extra 30 pound to get an apple magic
lamps and some people who are big fans
of Apple of us to say yes because they
do love Apple but it all just depends
really so pretty much this is what it
needs just wanna I am using my iPad air
3 by the way so you know the cameras
like up here but the iPads is here so
it's a bit but yeah that's basically all
you have to put in your PC Mac whatever
just to get this piece to work pretty
much but the only problem which I have
is I'm gonna have to turn it on is that
this will actually is that look if I tap
the right if I were to use it like an
actual Mouse make search as you see
there the red light and that can be
really like bad for some people because
just people don't really like it and
it's just not really ideal for some
people personally I think it looks
pretty unique so but that is just my
opinion so and also it doesn't have the
Apple logo there like a normal Magic
Mouse would but this isn't Magic Mouse
but for any windows using pretty much
once use the magic mouse this is
basically what you need I'm also going
to give wellness so if you don't want to
be in the giveaway just leave a comment
subscribe and like pretty much all the
products which I will be reviewing will
be given away as well so that's an extra
bonus but guys stay tuned for the video
coming out on member Magic Mouse versus
their spouse and just see which one it's
actually worth your money so guys as I
say please like comment subscribe
I've been something having chosen a Mia
and I see their crews